Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.;Martin Fowler
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code.;Ken Thompson
I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine!;Vidiu Platon
Real programmers don't comment their code. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.;
Don't comment bad code - rewrite it.;Brian Kernighan
First, solve the problem. Then write the code.;John Johnson
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.;Doug Linder
Testing can only prove the presence of bugs, not their absence.;Edsger W. Dijkstra
C programmers never die. They are just cast into void.;Alan Perlis
9 women cannot make a baby in one month.;Fred Brooks
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.;Edward V. Berard
Any Scrum without working product at the end of a sprint is a failed Scrum.;Jeff Sutherland
Any program is only as good as it is useful.;Linus Torvalds
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple.;Grady Booch
The best way to get a project done faster is to start sooner.;Jim Highsmith
The biggest issue on software teams is making sure everyone understands what everyone else is doing.;Martin Fowler
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.;Fred Brook
It’s really complex to make something simple.;Jack Dorsey
Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming. Feedback is the treatment.;Kent Beck
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.;Thomas Edison
It’s better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive.;Steve McConnell
Code as if the next guy to maintain your code is a homicidal maniac who knows where you live.;Kathy Sierra
Almost everything we know about good software architecture has to do with making software easy to change.;Mary Poppendieck
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it's too late.;Seymour Cray
The Boy Scout Rule: Leave code cleaner than it was before you.;Robert Martin
Don’t even start considering solutions until you understand the problem.;Oz Nova
If you hold a Unix shell up to your ear, you can hear the C.;
The first rule of functions - they should be small. The second rule of functions - they should be smaller than that!;Robert Martin
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.;Bill Gates
The Broken Windows Theory: If you see a mess in code(broken windows) - you think it's ok and you produce even more mess.;Robert Martin